move cargo-flash off the main track into the tooltips section (#122)
ferrous-systems/embedded-trainings-2020: embedded-workshop-book/src/tooltips.md

5.1% 100.0% 9.4KiB            .text section size, the file size is 184.5KiB
```

> This breakdowns the size of the `.text` section by function. This breakdown can be used to identify the largest functions in the program; those could then be modified to make them smaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This breaks down the size of the `.text` section by function. This breakdown can be used to identify the largest functions in the program; those could then be modified to make them smaller.
```
